Add troubleshooting page for hostname detection in containers (#16040)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/troubleshooting/hostname_containers.md

### Accessing the Kubelet API 

Make sure the Agent can access the Kubelet API. When it can, the Agent prints this log:
```
Successful configuration found for Kubelet, using URL: ******
```

The Kubernetes RBAC permissions are set automatically by our official [Helm chart][2], the [Datadog Operator][3] and our official [manifests][4]. If you use a different solution to deploy the Agent, make sure the following permissions are present in a `Role` or `ClusterRole` that is bounded to the Agent service account:

```yaml
rules:
  - apiGroups: # Kubelet connectivity
      - ""
    resources:
      - nodes/metrics
      - nodes/spec
      - nodes/proxy
      - nodes/stats
    verbs:
      - get
```

The most common error that prevents connection to the Kubelet API is the verification of Kubelet TLS certificate. In many Kubernetes distributions the Kubelet certificate is either:
* Not signed by the cluster CA.
* Does not contain a SAN corresponding to the address it's reachable at.

This prevents the Agent from connecting to the Kubelet API through HTTPS, because TLS verification is enabled by default.

> You can disable TLS verification by using dedicated parameters or by setting the `DD_KUBELET_TLS_VERIFY` variable for **all containers** in the Agent manifest:

Reviewer: Is disabling TLS verification really something we recommend doing?

Reviewer 2: In some case yes, when the certificat is not valid or self signed.

Author: Unfortunately when it does not work OOTB, it's _usually_ impossible to fix without disabling TLS verify.

                  fieldPath: spec.nodeName
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## AWS ECS and Docker VM hostname errors

When the Agent runs in Docker on a cloud provider, a hostname error usually means that the Agent cannot access at least one of:
* Container runtime API
* Cloud provider metadata endpoint

### Accessing the container runtime API

Allow the Agent to connect to the Docker socket:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "AWS ECS on EC2" %}}

Make sure the Docker socket is mounted in your [task definition][1].

[1]: /resources/json/datadog-agent-ecs.json
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Docker on VM" %}}

Make sure the Docker socket is mounted in your `docker run` command:

```
-v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Accessing the cloud provider metadata endpoint

If you're running in AWS, GCP, or Azure, the Agent can use metadata endpoint to retrieve the hostname.

Accessing the cloud provider metadata endpoint properly matches Agent data and cloud integration data.

Encountering this issue usually means that access to the metadata endpoint has been restricted.
For example, on AWS, this happens through the [hop limit feature][5].

> ## Hostname errors in CI environments and sidecar setups

Reviewer 2: @vboulineau 
I suppose for EKS-Fargate because the agent have access to the kubelet api, It is not requires to set DD_HOSTAME. (also because it is fargate and in that case we want `host:""`)
maybe a small "note" in this section for the EKS-fargate case.

Author: I've added a small note on serverless solutions like Fargate.

Allow the Agent to connect to the Docker socket:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "AWS ECS on EC2" %}}

Make sure the Docker socket is mounted in your [task definition][1].

[1]: /resources/json/datadog-agent-ecs.json
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Docker on VM" %}}

Make sure the Docker socket is mounted in your `docker run` command:

```
-v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Accessing the cloud provider metadata endpoint

If you run in AWS, GCP, or Azure, the Agent can use a metadata endpoint to retrieve the hostname.

Accessing the cloud provider metadata endpoint allows Datadog to properly match Agent data and cloud integration data in the application.

Encountering this issue usually means that access to the metadata endpoint has been restricted.
For example, on AWS, this could be due to the [hop limit setting][5].

## Hostname errors in CI environments and sidecar setups

When you run the Agent in a **CI environment** (so Agent is ephemeral) or as a sidecar without access to
host information, set `DD_HOSTNAME` to a value:

```
-e DD_HOSTNAME=$(hostname)
```

or

```
-e DD_HOSTNAME=<my_hardcoded_hostname>
```

> **Note:** This does not concern serverless solutions like Fargate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This does not apply to serverless solutions like Fargate.
```
